README.md, before:


<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# logrx <img src="man/figures/logo.png" align="right" alt="" width="120" />

<!-- badges: start -->

[![R build
status](https://github.com/pharmaverse/logrx/workflows/R-CMD-check.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/pharmaverse/logrx/actions?workflow=R-CMD-check.yaml)
[![CRAN
status](https://www.r-pkg.org/badges/version/logrx)](https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=logrx)
[<img src="https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/pharmaverse/logrx">](https://app.codecov.io/gh/pharmaverse/logrx)
[<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg">](https://github.com/pharmaverse/logrx/blob/master/LICENSE.md)
[![Lifecycle:
experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/lifecycle-experimental-orange.svg)](https://lifecycle.r-lib.org/articles/stages.html#experimental-1)
<!-- badges: end -->

The goal of `{logrx}` is to facilitate logging in a clinical environment
with the goal of making code easily traceable and reproducible.

## Installation

This package is available from CRAN and can be installed by running:

``` r
install.packages("logrx")
```

To get the latest development version use:

``` r
devtools::install_github("pharmaverse/logrx")
```

## What is `{logrx}` ?

Simple! The `{logrx}` package makes a log file for a R script!. Below we
have a short gif of making a log file for a `adsl.R` script using the
Addin. More details on the parts of the log script are found in [Get
Started](https://pharmaverse.github.io/logrx/articles/logrx.html) and we
have several vignettes that show specific use cases for using the
package.

<div class="figure" style="text-align: center">

<img src="https://pharmaverse.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/gifs/logrx.gif" alt="logrx Addin in Action" width="100%" />
<p class="caption">

logrx Addin in Action
</p>

</div>

While many packages to facilitate the logging of code already exist in
the R ecosystem, it is hard to find a solution that works well for
clinical programming applications. Many logging implementations are more
implicit and rely on user input to create the log for the execution of a
script. While this is useful for logging specific events of an
application, in clinical programming a log has a set purpose.

`{logrx}` is built around the concept of creating a log for the
execution of an R script that provides an overview of what happened as
well as the environment that it happened in. We set out to create a
flexible logging utility that could provide the necessary information to
anyone reviewing the code execution so they can recreate the execution
environment and run the code for themselves. `{logrx}` is purpose-built
for the needs of clinical programming to capture necessary elements of
the environment and execution to be able to create a complete view of
the program execution.

## Using logrx

`logrx` can be used in a file or through scripting. More information on
how to use `{logrx}` can be found in [Get
Started](https://pharmaverse.github.io/logrx/articles/logrx.html) and in
our Articles on Execution and Use Cases.

Commit message:

update test coverage badge and change to hosted gif in logrxaddin branch

README.md, after:


<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# logrx <img src="man/figures/logo.png" align="right" alt="" width="120" />

<!-- badges: start -->

[![R build
status](https://github.com/pharmaverse/logrx/workflows/R-CMD-check.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/pharmaverse/logrx/actions?workflow=R-CMD-check.yaml)
[![CRAN
status](https://www.r-pkg.org/badges/version/logrx)](https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=logrx)
[![Test
Coverage](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pharmaverse/logrx/badges/main/test-coverage.svg)](https://github.com/pharmaverse/logrx/actions/workflows/code-coverage.yml)
[<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg">](https://github.com/pharmaverse/logrx/blob/master/LICENSE.md)
[![Lifecycle:
experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/lifecycle-experimental-orange.svg)](https://lifecycle.r-lib.org/articles/stages.html#experimental-1)
<!-- badges: end -->

The goal of `{logrx}` is to facilitate logging in a clinical environment
with the goal of making code easily traceable and reproducible.

## Installation

This package is available from CRAN and can be installed by running:

``` r
install.packages("logrx")
```

To get the latest development version use:

``` r
devtools::install_github("pharmaverse/logrx")
```

## What is `{logrx}` ?

Simple! The `{logrx}` package makes a log file for a R script!. Below we
have a short gif of making a log file for a `adsl.R` script using the
Addin which can be found in the [logrxaddin
package](https://github.com/pharmaverse/logrxaddin). More details on the
parts of the log script are found in [Get
Started](https://pharmaverse.github.io/logrx/articles/logrx.html) and we
have several vignettes that show specific use cases for using the
package.

<div class="figure" style="text-align: center">

<img src="https://github.com/pharmaverse/logrxaddin/blob/assets/logrx_gif.gif?raw=true" alt="logrx Addin in Action" width="100%" />
<p class="caption">

logrx Addin in Action
</p>

</div>

While many packages to facilitate the logging of code already exist in
the R ecosystem, it is hard to find a solution that works well for
clinical programming applications. Many logging implementations are more
implicit and rely on user input to create the log for the execution of a
script. While this is useful for logging specific events of an
application, in clinical programming a log has a set purpose.

`{logrx}` is built around the concept of creating a log for the
execution of an R script that provides an overview of what happened as
well as the environment that it happened in. We set out to create a
flexible logging utility that could provide the necessary information to
anyone reviewing the code execution so they can recreate the execution
environment and run the code for themselves. `{logrx}` is purpose-built
for the needs of clinical programming to capture necessary elements of
the environment and execution to be able to create a complete view of
the program execution.

## Using logrx

`logrx` can be used in a file or through scripting. More information on
how to use `{logrx}` can be found in [Get
Started](https://pharmaverse.github.io/logrx/articles/logrx.html) and in
our Articles on Execution and Use Cases.
